---
title: "Política de Privacidad"
layout: "~/layouts/MarkdownLayout.astro"
---

_Last updated_: July 30, 2024

When you use SynCal, you entrust us with some of your information. We understand that this is a big responsibility, and we work hard to protect your information and give you control.

This Privacy Policy is intended to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.

We use your personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

## Interpretation and Definitions

### Interpretation

Words with initial capital letters have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or plural.

### Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy

- **Company** (referred to as either “the Company,” “We,” “Us,” or “Our” in this Agreement) means GearShift, S.L., a company based in Spain registered under CIF B19849777.

- **Service** means any product created and maintained by the Company.

- **You** (referred to as “You” or “Your” in this Agreement) refers to the natural person accessing or using the Services, or the company or other legal entity on behalf of which such natural person is accessing or using the Services, as applicable.

- **Device** means any device that can access the Services, such as a computer, smartphone, digital tablet, etc.

- **Account** means a unique account created for you to access Our Service or parts of Our Service.

- **Cookies** are small files that a website or web application places on your computer, mobile device, or other device and contain information about your authentication or browsing history on that website, among many other uses.

- **Personal Data** is any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual.

- **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

## Data we collect

### Personal data

When you use our Services, we typically ask for your email address. Your email address will be used for identification purposes and will be linked to your account on all devices on which you use our services.

In addition, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that may be used for billing, to improve the user experience, to contact you, or to identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

- First name
- Last name
- Email address
- Phone number
- Address, State, Province, Postal code, City

### Usage Data

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.

Usage Data may include information such as your device's Internet Protocol address (e.g., IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers, and other diagnostic data.

When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers, and other diagnostic data.

We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device.

### SynCal-specific data

#### Usage logs

#### Usage logs

We collect general information about how you use the Service, such as the views you use, the features you use, the actions you take, and how often you use the Service. For example, we record the last time you logged into the Service or how many events you created.

#### Calendar metadata

When you link an external calendar provider such as Google Calendar, Microsoft Exchange, Office 365, iCloud, or other CalDAV calendars, we collect the unique identifier and email address or username for these accounts. By default, passwords and access tokens are only stored locally and never leave your computer. In other words, we cannot remotely access your account with the information we collect.

When provided by the calendar provider, we collect the calendar name, its settings, including time zone, and the email address associated with the account. We also collect general statistics such as the number of calendars in an account or the total number of events and contacts in each calendar.

For some more advanced features, such as enabling shared availability and scheduling links, SynCal requires continuous access to the latest status of your calendar. In this case, you will be asked whether or not you want to connect the account to SynCal. If you agree, we will collect the account credentials, which will be stored in a secure manner.

#### Surveys

‍If you fill out research surveys on SynCal, we collect your responses to the questionnaires. Typically, the results of these surveys are anonymous and not linked to your SynCal profile. Sometimes, the survey may ask you to leave your email address. In this case, the survey is not anonymous and may be linked to your SynCal profile or your activities on SynCal. Please note that participation is always optional.

## Tracking Technologies and Cookies

We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track activity on our Service and store certain information. The tracking technologies used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze Our Service. The technologies we use may include:

- A cookie is a small file that is placed on your device. You can instruct your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our Service may use cookies.
- Some sections of our Service and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, count the users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other website-related statistics (e.g., recording the popularity of a particular section and verifying system and server integrity).

Cookies can be “persistent” or “session” cookies. Persistent cookies remain on your personal computer or mobile device when you go offline, while session cookies are deleted as soon as you close your web browser.

We use both Session and Persistent Cookies for the purposes set out below:

- Necessary/essential cookies

  Type: Session cookies

  Managed by: Us

  Purpose: These cookies are essential to provide you with the services available through the Services and to enable you to use some of their features. They help authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts. Without these cookies, the services you have requested cannot be provided, and we only use these cookies to provide you with those services.

- Cookie policy / Cookie acceptance notice\*\*

Type: Persistent cookies

Managed by: Us

Purpose: These cookies identify whether users have accepted the use of cookies on the Services.

- Functionality Cookies

Type: Persistent cookies

Managed by: Us

Purpose: These cookies allow us to remember the choices you make when using the Services, such as remembering your login details or language preference. The purpose of these cookies is to provide you with a more personal experience and to avoid you having to re-enter your preferences each time you use the Services.

For more information about the cookies we use and your options in relation to cookies, please visit our Cookie Policy or the Cookies section of our Privacy Policy.

## How we use your data

The Company may use your Data for the following purposes:

- **To provide, maintain, and improve Our Service**, including to monitor the use of Our Service.

- **To manage Your Account:** to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide may give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.

- **For the performance of a contract:** the development, fulfillment, and performance of the contract for the purchase of the products, items, or services you have purchased or any other contract with Us through the Service.

- To contact you:\*\* To contact you by email, phone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as push notifications from a mobile app about updates or informational communications related to the features, products, or services you have contracted, including security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.

- **To provide you** with news, special offers, and general information about other goods, services, and events that we offer and that are similar to those you have already purchased or inquired about, unless you have opted out of receiving such information.

- To manage your requests:\*\* To respond to and manage your requests.

- For business transfers:\*\* We may use Your information to evaluate or carry out a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceedings, in which the Personal Data We hold about users of Our services is among the assets transferred.

- For other purposes: We may use your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and to evaluate and improve our service, products, services, marketing, and your experience.

## Data Disclosure

We do not sell your data to anyone and never will. We also do not share your data with third parties. However, the data we collect is stored and processed on cloud infrastructure provided by Our partners (the data processors in terms of GDPR). Our data centers are located in Switzerland or the European Union. Our partners are:

### 1. Stripe

We rely on Stripe to manage payments and collections for the tool. For more information about Stripe's privacy policy, visit
https://stripe.com/en-es/privacy

### 2. Loops

We use Loops to automate and manage email deliveries for the tool. For more information about Loops' privacy policy, please visit https://loops.so/privacy

<!-- ### 1. Google Inc.

We use Google Cloud Platform to power our backend services and to host and process some data. Google Cloud's industry-leading security, third-party audits and certifications, documentation, and legal commitments help us ensure the security of your data. For more information about Google Cloud security, visit https://cloud.google.com/security.

### 2. Typeform, SL.

We rely on Typeform to conduct our surveys and host related responses. For more information about Typeform's privacy policy, visit
https://www.typeform.com/help/what-happens-to-my-data

### 3. Paddle.com Market Limited

We rely on Paddle for the operation of our payment and subscription system. For more information about Paddle's Privacy Policy, please visit https://paddle.com/privacy -->

## Retention of your personal data

The Company will retain your Personal Data only for as long as necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable law), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer periods.

## Transfer of your personal data

Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. This means that this information may be transferred to—and maintained on—computers located outside of your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where data protection laws may differ from those in your jurisdiction.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.

## Deleting your personal data

You have the right to delete or request that we help you delete the Personal Data we have collected about you.

Our Service may offer you the ability to delete certain information about you from the Service itself.

You can update, modify, or delete your information at any time by accessing your account, if you have one, and visiting the account settings section that allows you to manage your personal information. You can also contact us to request access to, correction of, or deletion of any personal information you have provided to us.

However, please note that we may need to retain certain information when we have a legal obligation or legal basis to do so.

## Disclosure of your personal data

### Business transactions

If the company is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, your personal data may be transferred. We will notify you before your personal data is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.

#### Compliance with the law

In certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests from public authorities (e.g., a court or a government agency).

#### Other legal requirements

#### Other legal requirements

The Company may disclose Your Personal Data if it believes in good faith that such action is necessary to:

- Comply with a legal obligation
- Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
- Prevent or investigate possible irregularities in connection with the Service
- Protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the general public
- Protect against legal liability

## Security of your personal data

The security of your personal data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure. Although we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Children's privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verifying parental consent, we will take steps to remove that information from our servers.

If we need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your information and your country requires parental consent, we may require your parents' consent before collecting and using that information.

## Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to other websites not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party's website. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let you know by email and/or by means of a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective, and update the “Last updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

We advise you to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us

- By email: hello@syncal.app
